# Luxury-Design-Trends-2022
2022 is only a few days away, which implies that this is the perfect time to implement ‘new year, new space’. A new year leads to new trends emerging for modern luxury interior designs. Here are a few which we believe would dominate the show for modern villa interior designs (Expect vintage, houseplants and natural lighting)!   Welcome Vintage! The re-emergence of one of the favourite trends for a luxury interior house, shopping vintage also happens to be a rather efficient and sustainable option. It adds personality to  luxurious house interior design and emphasises upon furniture celebrating the uniqueness of its owners. What makes vintage special is that it makes an old piece with great patina embody the love and respect for history, which is similar to a newly painted antique that reflects a value for the past while maintaining a vibrant environment. This will; definitely be a game changer for luxury house interior designs.   Greet Natural Materials 2022 is a year of focusing on natural materials, especially in large spaces like living rooms. Mostly speculated to be a huge part of modern luxury interior designs, natural materials are said to be a defence against fast fashion which aim at longevity in a classic fashion. Modern villa interior designs are focusing on a more responsible approach to decorating interior spaces by incorporating factors which epitomise their space.   Embrace Black Accents Luxury house interior designs can now be edgy with more depth, even in minimalist spaces! This is possible due to black accents and hardwares which are speculated to become a popular trend in modern villa interior designs too! Factors like light, neutral colours for essential space aid in incorporating black accents for contrast. Luxury interior house can be enhanced with a black lamp to accentuate an area and add a hint of curiosity. Black accents are going to help in the maximum transition of luxury house interiors and are definitely going to occupy a huge space in 2022.  Trends are a way to gain inspiration of what kind of a space we wish to create for ourselves. Be it a luxury house interior or a modern villa interior design, staying fashionable yet authentic will always be a trend that never gets old, irrespective of the year we are entering into. To know more: https://thebnkgroup.com/
